hi everybody so this is what I'm going
to do today and it's a really simple
thing to do to your jeans
and the more you wash it the more
distress they get so I hope you like
this and please remember to get
permission to do this if you're younger
than 18 so first we're going to begin by
deciding where we want the holes here
I'm going to put one so that the pocket
shows through underneath so I'm seeing
where the pocket ends and then I'm going
to poke a hole right before like an inch
above that ending so you take your knife
and very carefully poke it through and
then you want to drag the knife away
from yourself
always remember to do it away from
yourself you can always grow a larger so
it's good to just start up small and
then if you want more you can always add
more so now I'm going to distress it and
the way I do that is I take the two ends
and I just kind of shred it you can use
a razor to shred but I've never really
had one handy so I just I've always used
knives so here I'm just distressing it
and remember that the more you wash it
the more distressed it'll become so just
wash it a few times after you've done
this and it'll be really neat looking
so here I'm going to put one in the knee
so I'm going to poke it and then we're
going to drag it out away from the body
and you can make it as large as you like
and then you're going to distress it
in the next video I'll show you how to
bleach out your cheese thanks for
watching have a great weekend